Now it is time to talk about gotos or edge detection of an image edge detection.
Also known as contour detection is an image processing technique that consists in finding the boundaries
of objects with an image and contour detection to present another template for image segmentation techniques
to detect and identify objects in an image.
In the previous videos we have used color filtering techniques to identify objects that have the city
colors.
However color spectrum does not allow to find objects with any kind of colors so contour detection provide
another ultimately that can be even more Jenour the go to detection technique works by detecting discontinuity
in practice.
So an edge represents the borderline between a dark and the bright areas.
And this is a useful tool for that analysis image segmentation object detection and recognition.
So actually we see how to implement conta detection using up and but fought.
Let's see what are the different steps that you have to follow.
So first of all we need to get an image that would be an arch of the image and then you have to convert
this image into a grayscale image.
Then we use thresholding to convert the greyscale image into a binary image that we had introduced in
the thresholding lecture.
And finally we apply the method you don't find contours on the binary image so that to identify all
the contours in the image.
So then we will have a data structure that will store all the contours of an image and then we can process
this data structure.
For example we can find the area of the contour the closing circle the perimeter at the moment and the
subtle point.
It is important to note that contours follows a certain hierarchy in open sea.
In fact in an image some shapes are inside the case of the outer shape.
It's called The Path and the inner shape is called a child.
So for example here we can say that the shape to a is actually a child of its parent shape to however
represent a parent shape 3 and so on.
So this is the shape hierarchy and because of this there are several ways on how to retrieve controls
in an image.
So the simplest way and the easiest way is to retrieve contours as in this case or so retrieves the
contours.
And in this case it doesn't create any parent child relationship.
It is just that these patterns and child's are equal.
There is actually no hierarchy between the different contours.
When we use the least flex all the controls are just constructs they belong to in the same hierarchy.
We can also say that all the external controls.
So if we use the flag to retrieve external in this case it retains the extreme outer reflex or extreme
ultra controls all child controls are left behind.
And you can see that this No only the eldest of every family is considered.
So the flag is.
Seacom and this flag retrieves all the contours and raises them to a two level hierarchy.
External and internal so external controls are considered as placed in hierarchy one and the contours
of host that are inside the objects are placed in the hierarchy.
And finally the fourth flat is the retrieve tree which leaves all the contours and create a full family
hierarchy different from parent to child.
So here we have parent child relationship.
So because computers will be considered as a tree they can tell even with the grandfather the father
of the son the grandson and so.
So these are the different tools available in open city.
And now it's time to see how it can be implemented.
Let's see how it works.
So let us get started with the simple example consider the file called Tools underscore detection booked
by.
And here let's go to the main function.
I'm going to explain.
So first of all we need to identify the name of the image and then we will read that image.
So here we will read the image.
So these are different messages that they have defined or both.
I'm going to explain them one by one just to show you the different steps that we need to follow.
Ok so first of all we need to get that image in color and then we convert the image into a gray color
image.
OK.
They can put the ugly image that you have read previously reducing the great image and then using new
techniques.
We need to convert the great image into a binary image.
We take a simple image that we find in the set and then we produce the binary image.
And here we have some flags.
So whether we want to use adaptive you sholden or simple.
Shortly after that we get all the controls from the binary image so we'll see how to limit this method.
And finally we throw all the contours of that image.
So let's go one by one first of all we need to read the image.
And this is pretty much straight forward.
So you'll just see that.
I Imry what would the image need.
And here we have a boolean variable.
If it is true it will going to show the image.
Otherwise you cannot show the image.
The second step is to take this image as input to the method.
Then you need to convert it to a greyscale image.
And as before you can use a boolean that you will hear whether you want to show the great image or not.
And finally we will turn the great image has an output of the method.
So this image will be an input to the next method that is conver great binary and we will use either
adaptive thresholding or simple resizing.
So you should not remember what is adaptive thresholding and superstitiously you can go to the lecture
where we talk about sholden techniques we often see.
So here there is a flag that we define what it is it is true will going to create a binary image using
an adaptive threshold.
So we can use the other option for the mean adaptive technique.
And these are the different parameters of the method.
So you can use the short binary and this is the neighborhood region.
The second thing is that we can use simple links that we shall apply to the great image.
And here we can specify 1:27 as the threshold value of course we can change this depending on the performance
we want to achieve on a certain image.
We find that using the shows boolean variable whether we want to show the binary events or so a way
to enable other than the ability to do the next method is get called.
So how did you find that computer going to use the opposite function fine contours.
OK.
So fine contours it's not the function.
It takes a binary image input and then it will return three different variables in the interest into
the second variable index fund contours.
So Kontos is going to have a data structure that contains all of the contours identified in the binary
image.
So in this example we have used the flag.
OK so the last function here is called drawcard 2.
Ok that will call the opposite function.
Dreux contours it takes that image.
You're OK.
The contours that you have found on the binary image and that we specify which are two to three because
the control is like an array.
So you can specify which index of the a little bit if you specify minus what it means you will need
all the contours will throw all the contours in the image.
If your press holds up a 0 it's going to display the first two.
If you choose the index equal to Y is going to display the second quarter and so minus one.
It's going to display all the computers.
So this is the thickness of the contour.
We just to have a line of these two.
And this is the color of the control.
If I get any color.
So here is 255 0 2 but it can be any other than 5 and we can show that image after dropping the control
on top of that.
So let's apply this program.
Mirror now going to detection.
And you can see you know all I'm going to measure now is.
OK so this is the accident.
This is the great image.
Then we created the binary image.
Finally we draw the contours on the initial in of course here and that's sure if this is the machine
have a background that is black.
So we're going to use this by the inverted black comb.
So these are is the same here the black background the Cocos fire white.
So here we have news flash.
It means so we can also use with simple three shot
so you can see how simple things are not for the areas where did that on this farm and his farm.
So only three voters.
Again that is he certainly might be more appropriate.
Of course he can apply from images like the metal image so we can see here.
Now you can find the control of image.
So this is using Mr. O'Keefe.
You can see these photos that you see shining on them.
So there's a lot of things sort of in the way we need to be a little bit with the value of reasons because
it's a little bit small but it puts them to the test actually all of the borders require that he should
place especially that some borders yet and the pranging he the value of the wall here.
OK.
So we have different behavior by the decision.
So to summarize it is possible to find the control of an image using the publicity function finds gotos
which must be applied to a violent image so you have an image to grayscale then convert it to a binary
image using one of.
It's rather simple something that is shoddy and find that you can call the local Toops method of publicity
to all the conflicts.
But if you want to draw only particular onto all of that all want to find the area of the country this
is also possible.
So I'm going to switch to the other file the so-called Cancun's processing and basically follow the
same steps with just the image that the tricolored then converted to a binary color using one of the
three sunny days and then getting all the contours of the fine contours.
We do all the same way.
So this is broken to the it won't load all the contours but instead of drawing the contours I would
like to process them.
So I related a method called photos both the body image and the object in that year.
Also the list of concepts so imprecise in the complex can be done in several ways.
For example we can follow that we go through all of this and go to compose the contours of the structure.
So for every call to either data structure the contours you can leave the area using the method CO-2
area.
See the perimeter using our last see the flight route.
We can also find the minimum inclosing circle.
OK so minimum the circle is defined by the x y coordinates of the center.
Also it saves.
So when we use these changes in order to draw a circle around around the code to do this we maybe draw
a circle on detected objects in that image.
OK so we have different functions that we can look towards the coastal area or our plans minimal enclosing
circle.
So it's possible now to go to using the image.
So this is the go to select control here.
So we pass it as an array here when we move the index minus 1 degree on the contours.
This is you are welcome to it.
That is to define the color and the width of the light.
So when you look the contour all the safety mesh in it's part of the image and also you create the black
image.
Well just to bring the of black images onto the conclusions drawn on them.
So if you want to draw a circle on the control you need to find something else.
And for this we can use a method that will allow us to find the center.
So what is the strategy to find the center point.
So the only way to find something that will come to is to use the method of other call modes.
We're going to calculate the moments all conclude.
And then by definition the center point is coordinates X and C right is defined by the moment in that
someone's being divided by the moment at from zero zero and C-y is defined by the MoD in this 0 1.
Dividing by moment at this 0 0 it is not a problem if you don't understand very well the concept of
moments but you can't just use this formula as it is when you want to get rid of of control.
Of course you need to make this condition to make sure that we will not do this division East End 0
0 is different from zero.
Otherwise we're going to skip.
So this is by definition how we can to the center point.
So this method gets caught or something.
We can call it here get to center.
So we pass code to us and the parameter.
And then you can expect to see X and Z.
What are the coordinates of the center point.
And finally we can draw a circle on the edge of the image also on the black image specify the detected
object we get three different parameters like the area and the payment.
And here finally after exiting the for loop we can get the number contours showing the ends and black
image.
The contours around them.
So you may wonder what is the advantage of this method as compared to the previous post which zos open
close.
So it actually can do some of the stations on which wouldn't want to.
For example it's possible to make a statement.
For example if the area is greater than that or that a certain value we're going to do the day.
So for example we're going to ignore that.
So it can be.
It seems that some of the controls in the image.
OK so let's round out this Barbara.
So you want to process the that by running again.
So see images.
This is the imagery because either you have your number of Contos is equal to I want to see four or
five every object detection has a specific code to Auggie and you can see the surrounding circle around
every object this is the image that you have to read and that all the laws the code books and this is
now the great escape image.
This is the vitamin D.
So you can see the different steps.
It starts right.
Absolutely.
OK.
And then really sorry.
Yes.
Then the late great state image they on the stage is the image the violent image.
OK.
Using the back of the image the camera files goes on to allow us to find the least of all contours and
then finally load them.